Wild Horses  Rolling Stones

From: cscsj@lux.latrobe.edu.au (   Junacko)

The original version of this is 3 guitars.



Acoustic 1 (Nashville tuning- low 3 strings an octave up)

   this is the one which starts the song off, there are no bass

   strings which gives it that high sound.  After the intro it

   mainly plays harmonics



Acoustic 2 (Open G- D G D G B D)

   this is the main acoustic throughout the song.  If I get some

   requests I will put this part down.



Electric 3 (Standard tuning)

   this is Mick Taylor's classic backing and superb solo.  If I get

   _lots_ of requests I might summon the energy to tab the solo, if

   I get hundreds I might even tab the whole part.



For now, I will just do CRD.  Despite having 3 guitars on the original

recording, this one sounds surprisingly full with just 1 acoustic

(standard tuning) and voice.



Intro:

   G  Am7  G  Gsus  Am7  G





   Bm         G   Gsus  Bm           G   Gsus

1.  Childhood living      is easy to do

   Am          G   C      D  G   Gsus        G     D  Dsus2  D  C

    The things you wanted    I   brought them  for you

   Bm         G    Gsus   Bm              G  Gsus

    Graceless lady         you know who I am

   Am          G     C       D  G  Gsus         G  D Dsus2 D

    You know I can't let you      slide through my hands



   Am     G  C      D  G         F       G  C     Bm

Ch. Wild     horses     couldn't drag me a- way

   Am        G  C      D G         F       G  C

    Wild wild   horses    couldn't drag me a- way



2.  I watched you suffer a dull aching pain

    Now you've decided to show me the same

    No sweeping exits or off-stage lines

    Could make me feel bitter or treat you unkind



Ch. Wild horses couldn't drag me away

                                       C

    Wild wild horses couldn't drag me away



    [guitar break]

    Fsus2 C x 3

    D G





3.  I know I've dreamed you a sin and a lie

    I have my freedom but I don't have much time

    Faith has been broken, tears must be cried

    Let's do some living, after we'll die



Ch. Wild horses couldn't drag me away

    Wild wild horses we'll ride them some day.

